Liu Tianhu, I'll give you one last chance
Let you go
What are you still standing there for?
Tie him up for me
How is this possible?
This is the martial arts master that my Liu family has taught for more than ten years.
Get up, get up!
I just gave you a chance.
It's you who don't cherish
What are you going to do?
Of course, it's a matter of giving someone a taste of their own medicine.
If you dare to come here again
I stabbed him.
OK
Then you do it.
What do you mean?
You just need to think clearly
Just be prepared to exchange one life for another
I
Ahhh I
I tell you
I am the first heir of the Liu family.
Beikang First Family
If you dare to touch the Li family, I
Ahhhh